DOC-2171: improvement documentation for TINY-10140 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2905)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== Improved screen reader announcements of the column and row selection in the grid presented by the **Table** menu and toolbar item
// TINY-10140

> Previously, when using a screen reader, the table grid menu item would announce the current highlighted cells as "4x7" as an example, which provided minimal information to the user.
> 
> {productname} 6.7 addresses this issue with the latest update. The screen reader now provides a more informative announcement to the user for the current selection when the user is interacting with a table grid such as "4 columns, 7 rows".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when using a screen reader, the table grid menu item announced the currently highlighted cell grid with only the numbers. Reading out, for example, *4 x 7*.

In {productname} 6.7 the screen reader now notes which number is the number of columns, and which is the number of rows. In the circumstance noted above, for example, the screen reader now announces, *4 columns, 7 rows*.
```
Suggested edit.
